FOSA Standard no. 001

Standard Standard
-----------------
 Author: Samuel Pearce
 E-Mail: sam@aepearce.com

Contents:
 1. Version
 2. Terminology
 3. Purpose
 4. Format of the Document
 5. Required Sections
 6. Approval

1 - Version
-----------
 VERSION: 1.0
 CHANGES:
	No changes have been made.

2 - Terminology
---------------
 Document:
 	Any text-based data storage. This includes
	formatted texts such as HTML as well as
	plain, unformatted text. The text must be
	legible with a plain text editor. 

3 - Purpose
-----------
 The purpose of this document is to define how future
 standards shall be formatted. Any document, that
 adheres to this standard, is therefore to be clear
 enough, that it's use as a standard is possible.

4 - Format of the Document
--------------------------
 The document must be formatted with a few minimum
 requirements. Each section must be clearly marked
 from the rest of the text, by a title. The title
 must bear the number of the section it denotes.
 At the beginning of the document, should be a title
 and the name of the author. Any other information
 about the author is optional.

5 - Required Sections
---------------------
 After the title and author information, there are
 three sections that are required, before the main
 standard content.
 
 The first required section is the changes section.
 In this section will be the current version of the
 standard. It must also be listed, which version is
 currently in effect.

 The next required section is the
 Terminology section. Here is where you can define
 terms that might be unclear or vague. An example
 might be the term "document" as used in this standard.
 What file format? On paper? Text file or Word document?
 The terminology section may be left out if all the
 language in the document is decided to be unambiguous.

 After that section, a short description of the purpose
 of the standard is required. This doesn't have to
 explainf in-depth how the standard should work, but
 merely what the standard is for. In this case for example
 is to define how the standards should be formatted.

 Finally the approval section. This does not have to be
 included in the standard, when it is submitted. This
 section will include the Name of the person who approved
 the standard as well as the current date, and the name
 of the signature file. The document can be verified
 with the signature file, to ensure it really was approved
 by the FOSA.

6 - Approval status
-------------------

Signed By: Samuel Pearce, FOSA
Signed On: 26/08/2019
Signature: FS001_Standard_v1.0.txt.sig